April writeup (#123)
remotehack/remotehack.github.io: _hacks/13.md

happened: true
---

This was meant to be the unconf, but we decided to re-schedule and just had a regular hackday instead.

### Things People Did

- Adam and Ben discussed all things Tech Ed, and dropped a whole smorgasbord of links into the #general channel, which Adam will _definitely_ get to at some point

> 
> - Ruth, Ben, Max, and Pete got a flask webserver accepting data from remote clients and then drawing on Ruth's Frankenstein mechanical arm thing. Rad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Max took pictures with a RaspberryPi, to send to another RaspberryPI with an e-ink display. A mysterious third RaspberryPi made things a bit harder.

- Pete worked on a web-based Minecraft block renderer using cool data structures and fancy words.

- Ruth, Ben, Max, and Pete learned about pen plotter apis, and remote-controlled Ruth's Frankenstein mechanical arm thing. Rad.
```
